[A.Korean.Odyssey.10]
[Synced by sirmcfly]
[Enjoy]
subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki 95%
If you call my name when you're struggling, scared, or in danger,
I will always appear and protect you.
You finally appear now, Fairy?
Now, you're the only one who can call me out of here.
Son Oh Gong, the Great Sage, the equal of heaven, protect me until the end.
If we take the Guemggango's power out of the equation, what are we to each other?
? Even though it's painful, I'm not going to hurt ?
[Episode 10]
I heard the ringing of the bell.
So I misunderstood.
That maybe we're specially destined to each other
like soulmates.
So that's why you're dreaming ridiculous things like this?
Yeah. But now I know.
That something like this
will never happen.
? Anyway, it's already been decided ?
? Even though I knew this would be farewell, why am I like this ?
Are you regaining consciousness?
Can you tell me what happened?
I'll take away the kid with special abilities
who brings you unhappiness.
That bookseller..
told me when I was young that she would take me away.
Oh, so that's what happened.
And so that's how you lost your abilities as Sam Jang.
- What?
- You said you asked her to take away what makes you special.
Then...she actually did that for me?
All of your powers as Sam Jang
have now been lost to that bookseller.
Jin Seon Mi, you're no longer Sam Jang.
Now you can return to living an ordinary life like you always wanted.
And we have no reason to see one another again.
Now I am an ordinary person?
Sam Jang's fate has now been completely turned over to that bookseller.
Then did her contract with Son Oh Gong also get transferred to her?
Probably. Since the one who made the contract
is the younger Jin Seon Mi who's been handed over to that bookseller.
The kid Jin Seon Mi who made the contract with me is in one of the books in here somewhere.
So that's how you were able to call me.
Now I am the one who's able to call for the Great Sage.
Since I am the new owner of the Geumganggo.
Your heart will now start to love me.
Damn it.
I can't hold back anymore.
So the owner of the Geumganggo has changed?
The power of Sam Jang and the contract was handed over to her.
So naturally, Geumganggo's love probably transferred over, too, right?
I think so, but there's no way of knowing
whether Geumganggo was activated by Sam Jang's abilities,
or human Jin Seon Mi's.
How could it be activated by a human's abilities? It must have been activated by her abilities as Sam Jang of course.
Then now...
the one Son Oh Gong loves must not be Jin Sun Mi
but rather that bookseller.
That's probably something only Oh Gong knows.
Looks like you're not the owner of Geumganggo.
You should look annoying pretty to me even when you pathetically glare at me,
but even when you're smiling I can't stand the sight of you.
Who do you think you're glaring at!
You can't hurt me. I have the contract.
Even after getting hit that much, you still don't get it? I'm an extremely bad guy.
Do you think a bad guy would faithfully stick to a contract? I'm so bad that
that they even put a Geumganggo on me.
So that's why you came here to look for the book for that girl?
What to do? Unless that girl wants you to, you'll never be able to find it.
She was the one who asked for it.
To take away the specialness which makes her unfortunate.
She's finally able to live like a normal human being.
Do you think she'd be happy to go back to how she was?
No, she probably wouldn't be happy.
Good for her. It's not like I was here to reverse it anyway.
Son Oh Gong, didn't you come here so you could find the book?
Why would I look for that? This is a golden opportunity to break that contract. I should leave it nice and hidden.
If you weren't even looking for the book then why'd you have to hit me!
Because you put me in a bad mood!
The owner of the Geumganggo? What ridiculous crap.
There's only one owner of this Geumganggo.
Hey, I let you live instead of killing you
so keep hiding these books in here well.
And if you call me for no good reason I'll kill you.
I took both her powers and contract.
But why is Geumganggo still the same?
Are the books with the trapped children's souls not in here?
Child, how did you get out of your book?
You spoke with the Great Sage but now you've sealed your lips again I see.
At least come with me.
She's definitely dead.
Why did she suddenly die?
Yes.
I'm in the stairway for the second floor basement at the broadcasting station. Hurry.
Where did she go?
She was definitely dead but then the body just disappeared all of a sudden.
That woman...
What exactly is she?
Where is Bu Ja? She's not even answering her phone.
Where are you two going? Take me along.
Why are you being a pest and following other people on their scheduled activities?
There's already a scandal about us so who cares?
There will be news of our breakup soon. We're in our cooling off period, so we can't meet.
I think we can overcome our cooling off period.
Shall we go to the East Sea? I'll show you around the dragon sea palace.
You've been kicked out of your house. Geez.
Bu Ja! Bu Ja! What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with her?
The zombie seems strange.
Jeo Pal Gye, Prince.
I'm feeling strange.
I even fed you the energy beads so why are you like this?
Pig, when did the zombie get this rotten? She stinks.
My wife is looking after the kids at our home. Are you okay, CEO?
I'm fine.
We almost had a really bad accident on our hands.
If you'd rather me not, I won't ask about it but
how did you know that there would be a fire there and saved those kids?
It's a little frightening
but I feel like you're a very special person.
I-In any case, you did something really great.
Things like that won't happen anymore.
And what about Secretary Son? It's his job to protect you, so where was he at that moment?
I know, right?
He used to come without me even calling him, but now he's not coming.
You are no longer Sam Jang.
Is it really true?
If you're not Sam Jang, there is no reason to call me, the Great Sage.
If your special ability disappears, then I disappear as well.
Is that really okay?
Do you still want that?
Son Oh Gong.
He's really not coming.
Ah, what a beauty.
I came to see the one who gained Sam Jang's power.
Secretary Ma.
[Contract]
Please sign a contract with Lucifer Entertainment.
Are you here to see Hyungnim?
Because he didn't come when I called him.
Is he here?
He is inside.
Please come inside.
Son Oh Gong.
Hey, Jin Seon Mi. You've changed.
You knew?
As you wanted, you've become an ordinary human being.
Congratulations.
But why are you here? There shouldn't be any reason for you to see me now.
You really won't come when I call you now?
Yes. I heard you transferred over the contract.
Then you won't be protecting me anymore?
There's no need to protect you.
You are no longer Sam Jang, so there won't be any evil spirits after you anymore.
So there's no reason for you to call me, and I won't be coming even if you call me.
Just live ordinarily and comfortably.
What about the Geumganggo?
You're still wearing the Geumganggo.
You don't love me anymore?
I guess so. You don't look especially pretty anymore.
Then that's a relief.
Now there's no need for me to see you anymore.
What? The owner of the Geumganggo didn't change?
Even though Sam Jang's ability and contract with Son Oh Gong transferred over to me,
the power of the Geumganggo didn't transfer over to me.
T-then Son Oh Gong is still
Jin Seon Mi's love slave.
Gosh, seriously...
Hyungnim, Jin Seon Mi left.
Okay. Ah, I held it in well.
At the last moment, I almost couldn't hold it in and nearly clung to her to ask her not to leave.
You held it in very well.
If you take advantage of this opportunity, you'll be able to free yourself from the contract.
Yes. I just need to suppress this wretched love.
Even though you could hide if from Jin Seon Mi,
what are you going to do about Ma Wang?
He's probably going to make it impossible me to go by hounding after me about racking up points for him.
It'll be hard to make him give up.
I'll have to approach him sincerely.
Jin Seon Mi didn't ask you anything or bother you, right?
Not at all. She just turned around and left.
Right.
Seems like she didn't love me at all.
And Jin Seon Mi—
Don't talk about her anymore. If it hurts any more, I won't be able to hold back.
I won't say anything.
I will... never say it.
You said there wouldn't be any reason for us to see each other anymore. What brought you back here?
You signed a contract with our company.
We can't end it just like that.
Have you met with Son Oh Gong?
Yes. As you said, I'm no longer Sam Jang.
Even if I call him now, he says he won't come.
He said that himself?
What did he say about the Geumganggo?
I guess that's also useless now. It didn't hold any power.
Oh, is that so?
I'm no longer Sam Jang nor the owner of the Geumganggo.
So I don't think there will be any other way for me to uphold the contract with you.
You're responsible for breaking the contract
so I have to get at least something from you.
Do I have to pay a penalty fee for breach of contract?
Well, if you want to. Or...
your life could be another way.
I'll have to think about how to resolve the remainder of the contract with you who's now a human.
What will happen to Son Oh Gong now?
Son Oh Gong is still wearing the Geumganggo.
So he's probably in love with someone.
That bookseller...
is the new owner of the Geumganggo?
Since he told you he doesn't love you anymore, then probably...
he'll end up...
loving that bookseller, I suppose?
Why didn't you tell her that he doesn't love the bookseller?
Because I dislike her. I really dislike her.
Why did she have to make things into such a bother like this?
If you dislike her a lot, then should I kill her?
Forget it. As she wished, she's an ordinary human being now.
I just hope that she lives well.
Then who exactly is the owner of the Geumganggo now?
Since only Son Oh Gong knows that,
we'll have to watch him carefully.
So you were here.
Ma Wang, why did you come to Sureumdong?
You weren't at home.
It's a suitcase. Where are you going?
Yeah. I brought it out for the first time in a long while but it's pretty small.
I was going to put in my statue, the car 5050,
and even my bath and leave but it's too small.
Where are you going with all that?
Are you going far away?
It's too cold. I want to go somewhere warm.
What about Sam Jang?
She's no longer Sam Jang. You know that too.
She won't be calling me anymore.
I know. But you're still wearing the Geumganggo.
Jin Seon Mi, who has become ordinary, will live well.
She'll fall in love and get married.
Can you really just watch that happen?
Of course I can't just watch that happen. Because I lover her.
Right? You still love her, don't you?
Is that why you're packing up here in this sad state?
Great Sage, you don't have to be like this.
Just change her back to Sam Jang again.
Since the Jin Seon Mi who is Sam Jang needs you, she absolutely cannot live without you.
If she lives without you, she'll die.
That's right.
If I wanted to, I could make her stay by my side.
Every day when I miss her, I could go see her.
Ma Wang, I've become really weird.
Why?
I just want her to live an ordinary life as she wanted.
Even though it hurts my heart.
Does that make sense?
Whenever I think about how I can't see her,
my tears are brimming and my heart is being ripped apart.
But so that she'll be happy,
I'm here packing up like this.
Does this make any sense?
I guess this is what it is to be annoyingly in love with someone.
Son Oh Gong, you're really in love.
Should I lend you my suitcase?
A bus can fit in mine.
Really?
Even a house should be able to fit in your suitcase. Shall I pack my house, too?
Hey, why is that your house? I have half ownership of that house.
Leave it behind and just come take a bath there from time to time.
Instead of that, do you want to just take this opportunity and go somewhere warm with me?
You've already said "you pass" enough times.
Forget it. Just go.
Seriously.
To commemorate you coming to Sureumdong, I'll give you a bottle of wine as a gift. Take your pick.
Really? Why are you like this?
But you can only pick from here to there.
So sly. You really are a thug.
Then, I'll pick this—
No, I said to pick from the front.
Making me say it twice.
Then you pick one.
Then... this one is good.
You gave me a cheap one.
Still, I gave you a good one.
Thank you, thug.
Seriously.
Because General Frost isn't sleeping and just sitting, the night is so cold.
Because I keep thinking about the poor kids, I can't sleep.
Because the bookseller captured Sam Jang within the books, we can't destroy the bookstore.
Because of that, we also cannot save the poor children captured in the books.
This is going to be a headache.
I could only bring this lost girl who escaped from the books.
The child will not tell me how she escaped the book.
The bookseller that captured the children in books..
The humans that abused their kids are even worse than that.
The evilness in a human is what made this evil spirit.
By the way, what happened to Jin Seon Mi and Son Oh Gong?
Jin Seon Mi doesn't want to be Sam Jang, Oh Gong doesn't want to be a guardian.
Just tell everyone to forget it.
Just let them break up and go their own way.
This is a love bell.
It tells you who your chosen fate is.
? When I saw you ?
? I think only about you ?
? When I love you ?
? Did you miss me ?
? Even if my feelings change ?
If you weren't in my life, I wouldn't have been Sam Jang.
I should pack. I should pack.
? Can we go back ?
? When I saw you ?
Even if your feelings are fake, I'm thankful and glad that you love me.
It's the truth.
? Always behind of you ?
Alright. From now on, I'm just ordinary Jin Seon Mi.
This doesn't work either.
Jeol Pal Gye.
I think I just keep rotting.
Now as I'm rotting, I'm going to disappear.
You won't disappear. You're now my brother.
You won't disappear easily. I'll find another solution.
Jeol Pal Gye, what were you doing in there?
You cannot go in there.
Bu Ja is being weird. Where is Ma Wang?
Even if Ma Wang was here, it would be no use.
Why?
The power of Sam Jang was sealed.
The possessed corpse that woke up with Sam Jang's blood will soon return to an ordinary corpse.
That zombie, as she keeps rotting, is she going to disappear?
As time passes, she might become an evil spirit.
Before that, we need to burn her.
Hand over some energy beads before I turn this whole agency over, you bitch!
Give up, pig!
If Sam Jang's powers are gone, we can't do anything about the zombie rotting.
Just leave her. Ma Wang will burn her.
Bu Ja is my brother.
If she disappears, I want to be the one to rid of her.
Let me take her.
Before she becomes a problem, hurry and get rid of her.
I won't report to Ma Wang.
Are you okay, pig?
This is all..
Sam Jang's fault.
Whoever lives in this building can't live here for more than 3 months without a panic attack.
They moved out because of the panic attacks and nightmares.
Yes. I want to go inside today to confirm something.
What?
How ordinary I am. Let's go.
How is going to a place like this ordinary?
Should I just quit? I can't take this stress.
I really don't see anything.
CEO, there's nothing, but it feels creepy.
You're right. Because we can't see anything it's just creepy.
Ah, wind. Wind! Didn't you just feel a breeze?
I've really become ordinary. I don't see anything.
But CEO, do you really plan on buying this building?
Lee Han Joo, from now on, please don't look into houses that are haunted by ghosts.
Let's try turning over a new leaf and making our Hanbit Real Estate an agency for normal properties now.
I think we can do that now.
This is really good news.
I've already wrapped up and packed the 5050 car and your statue.
I've also packed a fridge with the side dishes that you like to eat and kimchi.
When you move, remember to plug it in.
See if I missed anything.
I'm sure you probably took care of everything just fine.
I see Ma Wang let you go quite easily.
I thought he was going to pester you over the contract.
Ma Wang's weakness is love.
I said I was leaving for Jin Seon Mi's happiness, so he believed me.
Ma Wang is someone that's endured through 1,000 years already on love alone.
So I suppose he could understand how love can make people do things.
That's why I'm saying his way of thinking that just because he's that way everyone else must be that way is dangerous.
Hyungnim, I believe that thinking that you're definitely different from other people is also dangerous though.
So that you don't have any regrets after you leave to go far away,
you should check one more time for anything you might have forgotten
in case it eats at you later.
Anything I've forgotten?
Son Oh Gong is already packing.
He's going far away.
Where?
A warm country.
If he stays there for a good 50-60 years and comes back then you should be dead by then.
You won't see each other again.
He's going to be gone for that long?
50-60 years to us is like the blink of an eye.
That's an extremely long blink.
- What is it?
- About Geumganggo,
what's the activation method for it?
The activation method? Why?
Giving up on it like this is too much of a waste of Geumganggo.
I thought it might be still be effective if it was re-activated.
If it's reactivated will Son Oh Gong love that woman?
That's right.
Once it's successfully activated, he'll have to love her in the exact same way.
No doubt about it.
How can it be the same?
Even just this past Monday afternoon he was saying he loved me enough to destroy a whole world for me.
Well, on Monday afternoon he had been under activation but now he's not.
I paid an awfully large price for that Geumganggo.
How many days has it been already? Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday...
You can't extend it any longer.
But the bookseller is an evil spirit.
As long as I can use Son Oh Gong to rack up points,
I don't care if bait gets caught in the middle.
I care.
If you're that curious then go and ask that guy.
I'm leaving.
Shall I capture her and torture it out of her?
Leave it.
She's still a human that Son Oh Gong loves. It's best to be cautious with her.
If he loves her so much, is it possible for Geumganggo's owner to change?
If only I knew the activation method I wanted to test that out.
But she's not telling me it.
She's very close to the Summer Fairy.
I'll try looking into it from that approach.
[Hanbit Real Estate]
Once it's successfully activated again he'll have to love her in the exact same way. No doubt about it.
Son Oh Gong.
Did you come because I called you?
I didn't come because you called me. I can't hear you call anymore.
Then why did you come?
I'm came because I'm going far away, but I forgot something.
What?
-A farewell.
-A farewell?
I felt like if I just left I would regret it and it would probably eat at me.
I thought since we've spent time together I should at least wish you well first.
You're going far away?
Yeah.
Why? You want to hold on to me? Cling and beg?
Are you hounding after me?
-I'm not going to do that.
-Of course, little Jin Seon Mi..
she would tell me not to go and beg..
Old Jin Seon Mi wouldn't do that.
You grew up well.
If you are going to say a farewell, say it at the bookstore.
That Jin Seon Mi isn't here.
I see, I forgot.
The person in front of me is the normal Jin Seon Mi, isn't she?
Son Oh Gong, not me
there's a new owner of the Geumganggo?
Then you would do the same thing as you did for me, right?
Are you asking if I'll love her?
Why, you wouldn't me to do that? Are you going to beg?
Forget it.
Normal office workers are busy right now and so they're tired.
I want to rest, so leave now.
You're understandably tired. Why are you going around with that thing stuck to your side?
What?
What? So now that you've become normal you can't see spirits anymore, huh? No wonder.
If you have that thing attached to you, you'll keep being tired.
Why, are you looking at me? Do want my help?
You want to hound after me?
Forget it.
Just turn a blind eye and leave things that normal people can't see alone.
I want to ignore it as well. Please go.
Alright. Live well.
Time to withdraw.
- Gorgeous?
- Gorgeous. It's a word we can use.
Waterpark
- Waterpark?
- Yeah
Secretary Son! I thought you quit?
Ah you came to say bye?
You know, we've never been properly introduced. Jonathan Lee.
We haven't been close,
but it's still pretty regretful. Go safely.
Can you move for a moment?
Jonathan, the pizza will get cold. Quickly, quickly.
Sorry.
Spicy rice cake, very good!
Hyungnim, I know tteobokki, okay?
Is the fan heater broken? There's a chill in here.
Seon Mi, there's a fun musical playing.
Do you want to come see it with me today?
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
Oh, that's hot!
CEO, go see the musical.
Woah! Wow, seriously what's with things today?
Then shall we go see the musical today?
What's going on? Sheesh.
Good job. Now, beat it.
? When I saw you ?
Please wait a bit.
? Always behind of you ?
Looking for me?
You have something to say now? Say it.
- A farewell. I felt like I never properly said it to you.
- A farewell?
Thank you for everything all this time.
Go somewhere warm and live well.
Good-bye.
Hey, Jin Seon Mi.
After all the things done I've for you, all you have to say about it is "thank you"?
After all the pain you put my heart through, now you tell me "live well"?
And now you're telling me "good-bye" without even trying to hold on to me once!
You've suffered because of Geumganggo.
Even though I'm going to stop piling my love onto you, you're really fine with that?
It was fake, wasn't it?
You should be happy now too because the contract with me is gone.
Speak for yourself.
You must be happy as a lark now that you can live like a normal person instead of Sam Jang.
That's right. I am. Because of a certain someone I had to live a tortured life being someone special.
I like being normal now.
Congrats on becoming an unremarkable person that will never need to call the likes of someone great like me.
Live a happy life eating Ddeokbokki with all those other boring people just like you.
That's a preservative that will slow down a corpse's rotting process.
There's really no medicine for saving a possessed corpse that's rotting?
- Look for it with your all.
- There isn't any.
Once you start rotting, there aren't a lot of solutions.
Would eating a live person work?
That's a really fast pig.
Here, eat this.
They said that if I keep rotting, I'll become an evil spirit.
I..
Just burn me.
I found a solution, you'll be okay.
I smell a lot.
It's okay. Ah, this is a secret..
I got hit on the nose so much by the monkey, I can't smell well.
Is that so?
Have two more preservative pills. Here.
Once a possessed corpse starts rotting, even with eating preservatives she won't last more than a few days.
If she eats a living person it might work though.
This is all Sam Jang's fault..
Sam Jang must take responsibility.
The weather is so nice today.
Instead of watching a musical, shall we take a walk?
Shall we?
That child..
Someone you know?
Soo Jeong
That bookseller isn't going to appear again, is she?
If you have something to do, you can go.
No, there is nothing I can do now.
You don't have your umbrella today.
I don't need it anymore.
When you were younger, you always carried your umbrella.
Even when it wasn't raining.
My umbrella, it wasn't for the rain.
I, too, was protected with that umbrella once before.
Hey, you're-
I couldn't see it with my own eyes.
But you were steadfastly fending off something very scary.
I knew that you helped me.
You're my hero.
You were really cool.
Is that so?
For some reason, I get the feeling that for that child as well a rain that I can't see
is falling on him.
Noona, you can see my little sister, right?
I have something to tell her.
Noona, please help me.
Sorry, I don't have that ability anymore.
Because of her, you haven't been able to sleep and just stayed put?
Yes, just in case the child felt uncomfortable, I have been watching over her.
But she hasn't talked yet.
Really? She talked before.
I have to take care of the ice cream shop.
Great Sage,  just play with her for a moment, and try to make her talk.
? I don't want to, why would I, how much would you give me? ?
? Even if you give me ?500, I wouldn't play with you. ?
You already got a response.
Wow. You are on the same level as the kid.
I have to look after the ice cream shop, so watch the kid.
I have to pack- hey General Frost I'm busy!
Hey, do you think since you're a ghost that I would have sympathy?
I'm just going to watch you. Don't ask for anything.
Since I let you know to activate the Geumganggo, try it.
I should.
Now, sign the contract with my company.
Before that, we have to clean up your bad deeds.
Let's release all the kids from the books.
And swear that you'll never do that again.
Son Oh Gong, who had made more sins than you,
had repent, and works for me to rack points up.
He reborned
you can also do it, believe me.
I don't have any thoughts to release the children.
-What?
-These miserable children had suffered so much.
Having those children living in happy fairytales, what's so bad about that?
If you capture souls in books,
they can't be reborn.
Why would you want them to live in this hellish world again?
There are happy here.
The bookseller can't be the one.
I looked like she was doing it for the children's sakes though.
Don't make me laugh.
It'd be great if we could turn her back into Sam Jang.
How can we do that?
Indeed.
If Jin Seon Mi's powers as Sam Jang are were restored then Bu Ja would be able to live again as well.
Bu Ja? What's wrong with her?
Ah, I didn't report it to you.
Ever since the moment Sam Jang lost her abilities, the possessed corpse has developed a problem.
Don't worry. I had Jeo Pal Gye take care of it.
- Pal Gye will?
- Yes, sir.
Then she should be in danger...
- And this one is for Choi Yoo Jin.
- Choi Yoo Jin?
Add a heart too, please.
Oh, CEO! You're here!
PK and I are both following each other's SNS accounts now!
CEO, I even farted with him (a way of saying you've gotten very close and comfortable with each other).
Is that so?
What brings you here?
I'm here to pick you up. Bu Ja said she missed you.
Ah, you came together with Bu Ja?
Where is she?
This is where Bu Ja is?
She's waiting inside that van.
I'll go get some drinks from the vending machine so go inside first.
Okay.
Ma Wang is coming!
Ma Wang?
There's no time. Quickly get in!
What do you think you're doing right now?
Don't interfere. She's not Sam Jang anymore anyway!
There's no reason for you to protect her anymore!
- Move!
- Bu Ja needs to eat a person to live!
You stupid pig. That will just turn her into an evil spirit!
Out of the way!
You damned troublemaker
Bu Ja
Are you all right?
Unnie, I'm sorry.
Is there no solution for Bu Ja?
Sam Jang's blood that had been providing her with the power to live is gone
so there's no other solution.
Because that bookseller sealed away your powers as Sam Jang in a book.
When is she going to let the children free?
The bookseller said she has no plans for releasing the children.
Then we need to get rid of the evil spirit!
I have no intention of doing that.
Son Oh Gong will protect that bookseller because of the contract.
And I have a contract with the bookseller because I need to rack up points.
Son Oh Gong is going to protect an evil spirit?
I figured out the activation method for Geumganggo quite well without your help.
I've got a new team to run now.
Someone that's trying to become a deity shouldn't be like this!
How dare you try to preach at me?
That doesn't concern you. Don't get yourself eaten from unnecessarily poking around someone's else's business.
You even know Triceratops?
You're smarter than that real estate guy's daughter.
You were locked up in that library, weren't you?
How did you get out?
If I tell you, what are you going to do?
Tell me what you want.
Please protect my brother.
Please protect me.
A kid long time ago had a similar favor like yours.
But I abandoned her and ran away because it was an annoyance.
I'm a bad guy like that.
I regret it.
Shall I try properly protecting this time?
Is Jin Seon Mi going to go find the library?
She has to. The only way for her to find her book is if she goes to look for it herself.
I'm not forcing them to stay in there.
There's only one way they can come out, but it's simple.
If they themselves want to come out, they can come out anytime.
Looks like I have a guest.
I'm here to find myself.
Then go ahead and look.
Jin Seon Mi!
- What are you doing?
- I came here to look for my book.
You came to help me, huh?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- I thought you wouldn't ever come to me again and was so sad.
- You were?
I'm glad you're here. You're mine now.
You think I'd fall for the same trick again?
You're taking me too lightly.
I thought I had you fooled by my disguise while you were coming in. What a shame.
I was planning on using the activation method that Ma Wang told me.
Ma Wang told you?
That loose-lipped cow. How'd he find that out?
Jin Seon Mi's been going around blurting about kissing me.
You both said you didn't want to find it, but both of you came to find it after all.
Jin Seon Mi is here?
Where is she?
[Peter Pan]
It seems she found her own book but wasn't able to find herself out.
You can't open that book. Only myself and the person it belongs to can open it.
- So you did lock them up.
- I keep telling you I didn't.
It's because the kids don't want to come out.
Just like with that disguise you tried on me earlier, you lured those kid's souls here and locked them up.
Open it.
I didn't lure and lock them up!
I love children.
Don't spout that nonsense.
Is collecting pitiful children like they're Pokemon love? Are you some type of evil sprit Otaku?
Do you have any idea of the unfortunate lives these children have lived?
For them, living in this world was hell.
I saved those children!
A kid that escaped and ran away from here asked me to do her a favor.
She asked for me to make certain that her own brother would never be captured here.
Protecting someone so they can live is what saving is.
You're just a monster that takes away people's chance at life.
And that kid was able to get out of that book because she realized you're a monster.
- I am not a monster.
- That is exactly your biggest problem.
Which is you not even knowing what you are.
You're an evil spirit that lives off of collecting the unhappiness of children.
No. I-I'm not an evil spirit.
I love these children!
[Peter Pan]
Come back.
Did you really enjoy it here?
Even so, come with me.
It was sad and lonely, but we survived through it well, didn't we?
And although he's very late, that swindling Fairy came to protect us.
So we won't be scared by ourselves anymore.
Let's go.
Son Oh Gong.
I see you've come back.
I came back because I wanted to.
I'm sorry, Jin Seon Mi.
It's okay now.
Why are you over here? It's cold. Did you eat?
It must be cold.
Let's start by getting some food. Let's go.
I wish I could also be taken to where my sister was taken to.
If she hears you say things like that, your little sister will be sad.
Her older brother has to live well.
Ahjussi will help you.
I can't lie to you saying I'll do everything for you like your  Mom or Dad.
But, at the very least, in order to help you live a lively life by yourself
The adults will help you.
Don't cry. It's okay. Don't cry. Don't cry.
It's okay. Don't cry.
It's okay.
Sam Jang has returned!
She's returned!
Ahh, Sam Jang is...Sam Jang is b-b-b-b-b-back!
Sam Jang is b-....back!
I'm going to make sure I've definitely returned as Sam Jang or not.
Shall I try shedding some blood to call evil sprits?
Don't do it. Don't do it. I'm tired!
Dealing with that bookseller was tiring.
Ugh, there were so many books earlier it was dizzying.
I almost got tricked by her disguise and let her activate the Geumganggo.
Activate?
Then it really was possible for the owner of Geumganggo to have changed?
Were you doubtful of that? Were you worried? Did you want to hound after me?
A little. It made me upset.
Of course it did. It's yours after all.
Why'd you have to pretend like you were perfectly fine and put me in a bad mood.
The sole owner of my Geumganggo is you, Jin Seon Mi.
Right. The only one that can call you, Son Oh Gong, is me.
Exactly.
Let's go! I'm dizzy because of all these books.
Don't we need to re-activate Geumganggo...?
Huh?
This time, it's definitely not a calamity.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki
Activation.
That wasn't enough to activate it.
[A.Korean.Odyssey.10]
[Synced by sir mc fly]